southisl to India : flight takeoff time : 1:00 Am fight arrival time :3:00 Am 
northisl China : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :6:00 Am
northisl to UK : flight takeoff time : 6:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
northisl to America : flight takeoff time : 9:00 Am fight arrival time :11:00 Am 
southisl to Iran :  flight takeoff time : 6:00 pm fight arrival time :9:00 pm
southisl to Iraq :  flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :7:00 Am
northisl Qatar :  flight takeoff time : 2:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 pm
northisl Afghanistan :  flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
northisl Russia :  flight takeoff time : 4:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 pm
northisl Germany :  flight takeoff time : 5:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 pm
northlah Finland :  flight takeoff time : 7:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
northlah NewZealand :  flight takeoff time : 9:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
southlah Africa :  flight takeoff time : 6:00 Am fight arrival time :3:00 Am
southlah Austraila :  flight takeoff time : 6:30 Am fight arrival time :2:00 Am
southlah Bangladesh :  flight takeoff time : 6:40 pm fight arrival time :5:00 Am
southlah Nepal :  flight takeoff time : 6:50 pm fight arrival time :8:00 Am
southlah WestIndies : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :11:00 Am 
northlah Palestine :  flight takeoff time : 2:00 Am fight arrival time :11:50 Am
northlah Swizealand :  flight takeoff time : 1:00 Am fight arrival time :9:10 Am
northlah Thailand :  flight takeoff time : 7:00 Am fight arrival time :9:06 Am
southkar Maleshia :  flight takeoff time : 9:00 Am fight arrival time :9:50 Am
southkar Japan :  flight takeoff time : 11:00 Am fight arrival time :6:00 Am
southkar Korea :  flight takeoff time : 12:00 Am fight arrival time :8:00 Am
southkar Honkong : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :4:00 pm
southkar Farance :  flight takeoff time : 6:00 Am fight arrival time :1:00 pm
southpes to India : flight takeoff time : 1:00 Am fight arrival time :2:00 pm 
northlkar China : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :6:00 Am
southpes to UK : flight takeoff time : 6:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
southpes to America :  flight takeoff time : 12:00 Am fight arrival time :8:00 Am 
southpes to Iran : light takeoff time : 7:00 Am fight arrival time :9:06 Am
southpes to Iraq : flight takeoff time : 2:00 Am fight arrival time :11:50 Am
northkar Qatar : flight takeoff time : 7:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
northkar Afghanistan : flight takeoff time : 6:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
northkar Russia :  flight takeoff time : 9:00 Am fight arrival time :9:50 Am
northkar Germany : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :4:00 pm
northpes Finland : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :6:00 Am
northpes NewZealand : flight takeoff time : 1:00 Am fight arrival time :9:10 Am
southque Africa : flight takeoff time : 2:00 Am fight arrival time :11:50 Am
southque Austraila : flight takeoff time : 6:00 Am fight arrival time :1:00 pm
southque Bangladesh :  flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :4:00 pm
southque Nepal : flight takeoff time : 7:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
southque WestIndies : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :11:00 Am
northpes Palestine : light takeoff time : 7:00 Am fight arrival time :9:06 Am
northpes Swizealand : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :6:00 Am
northpes Thailand : flight takeoff time : 7:00 Am fight arrival time :9:00 Am
southque Maleshia : flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :6:00 Am
southque Japan : flight takeoff time : 2:00 Am fight arrival time :11:50 Am
southque Korea :  flight takeoff time : 1:00 Am fight arrival time :2:00 pm 
southque Honkong :flight takeoff time : 3:00 Am fight arrival time :6:00 Am
southque Farance : light takeoff time : 7:00 Am fight arrival time :9:06 Am